- Question 1: What is the relationship between macroinvertabrate community composition and seasonality across sites and water-body types?
  + mock plot 1 caption: the x and y axes represent the principle component axes of community composition. The PC axes were generated by doing a principle components analyses of the genuses sampled at each site. The shape indicates the general space the points of the PCA take up. The colour indicates the season the site was sampled.
- Question 2: What is the relationship between water-body types, sites, community composition, and species richness? 
  + mock plot 2 caption: The x and y axes represent the principle component axes of community composition. The PC axes were generated by doing a principle components analyses of the genuses sampled at each site. The points are colored by the type of waterbody. 
- Question 3: What is the relationship between pH, species richness, and community composition across sites and water body types?
  + mock plot 3 caption: the x and y axes represent the principle component axes of community composition. The two clusters are colored by pH level. 
  + mock plot 3a caption: Species richness plotted versus pH for two body types: river and lake. 
- Question 4: What sites should be targeted for conservation? 
  + mock map caption: the green points indicate example areas that recommended conservation targets based on the information generated in previous questions; that is, sites are scored based on species richness and community composition. 
